
A drawing of a labeled graph on vertices and edges. In mathematics, and more specifically in graph theory, a graph is a structure amounting to a set of objects in which some pairs of the objects are in some sense related. The objects correspond to mathematical abstractions called vertices (also called nodes or points) and each of the related pairs of vertices is called an edge (also called an arc or line). Typically, a graph is depicted in diagrammatic form as a set of dots for the vertices, joined by lines or curves for the edges. Graphs are one of the objects of study in discrete mathematics. The edges may be directed or undirected. For example, if the vertices represent people at a party, and there is an edge between two people if they shake hands, then this graph is undirected because any person A can shake hands with a person B only if B also shakes hands with A. In contrast, if any edge from a person A to a person B corresponds to A's admiring B, then this graph is directed, because admiration is not necessarily reciprocated. The former type of graph is called an undirected graph and the edges are called undirected edges while the latter type of graph is called a directed graph and the edges are called directed edges. Graphs are the basic subject studied by graph theory. The word graph was first used in this sense by James Joseph Sylvester in 1878. V and E are usually taken to be finite, and many of the well-known results are not true (or are rather different) for infinite graphs because many of the arguments fail in the infinite case. Moreover, V is often assumed to be non-empty, but E is allowed to be the empty set. The order of a graph is V, its number of vertices. The size of a graph is E, its number of edges. The degree or valency of a vertex is the number of edges that connect to it, where an edge that connects to the vertex at both ends (a loop) is counted twice. As stated above, in different contexts it may be useful to refine the term graph with different degrees of generality. Whenever it is necessary to draw a strict distinction, the following terms are used. Most commonly, in modern texts in graph theory, unless stated otherwise, graph means undirected simple finite graph (see the definitions below). Multiple edges are two or more edges that connect the same two vertices. A loop is an edge (directed or undirected) that connects a vertex to itself; it may be permitted or not, according to the application. In this context, an edge with two different ends is called a link. A simple graph is an undirected graph without multiple edges or loops. In a simple graph the edges form a set (rather than a multiset) and each edge is an unordered pair of distinct vertices. Thus, we can define a simple graph to be a set V of vertices together with a set E of edges, which are 2-element subsets of V.